got some fried chicken going on there
people curtsy a career path come welcome
to my kitchen today quick uneasy well
that's so quick what a flavor for did
the ultimate Island style fried chicken
let's get cool just about four pounds of
chicken in here an entire chicken that I
cut up into pieces and I washed it with
the juice of a lemon and water drained
it dry and I left the skin on there
purposely because I love that little
texture and everything else to the
batter is going to hold on to that skin
if you want to take the skin off you can
certainly do that an entire chicken that
I cut up except for the backs there's no
meat in the back now we're going to
marinate this first sir gonna go in with
some salt some Caribbean style pepper
sauce and this is where you're going to
get a lovely little kick from some fresh
ground black pepper we're going to go in
with some Caribbean green seasoning in
the description of the video below I'll
have a link for how to make a Caribbean
green seasoning and all it is it's a
blend of all the different fresh herbs
that we like using down in the Caribbean
and the final thing I'm going to go in
there with is a piece of ginger and I'm
just going to grate in a little bit of
ginger if you got ginger powder you can
use that mix that up and allow that to
marinate for a couple hours in the
fridge as the oil a customer maybe over
4 or 5 cups of maybe four cups of
vegetable oil heating in a wok and I use
a wok because of the high sites prevent
a lot of splatter from going on the
stove so while the whole oil heat on a
medium high flame I've got my flour and
just all-purpose flour we're just going
to season up sort of batter the pieces
of marinating chicken with pinch of salt
pinch of curry powder
and we want to go in with a little bit
of smoky paprika so all I'm going to do
now is mix that up and then we're going
to get to sort of coating the pieces of
chicken with that just whipping a couple
large eggs and a bowl here I'm just
going to pour it all over that chicken
and again you want to mix that really
well I want to make sure every piece of
chicken is coated in that egg mix so
basically all you would do now is grab a
piece of that seasoned and marinated
chicken roll it around in the flour
press on it a bit and then you want to
tap it and set it aside for going into
the hot oil with that final step of
putting that beat in the cup of beaten
eggs in there it's going to allow this
flour to stick on to give us a lovely
batter sort of batter for Friday's
chicken I would do it in two batches
because I don't want to overcrowd the
pan so let's try one more piece there we
go
remember to shake off the excess flour
and get ready to go into the hot oil
the first batch is in the oil now going
to give it about 10 minutes on each side
on one side and you going to flip it
over and make sure it's completely
covered in the oil of the other side
that is and let that go for about
another 10 minutes or so I didn't cut up
the chicken in two large pieces if your
pieces are very large well then the
cooking time will have to increase by a
little bit but all you need to do now
let that go for another 10 minutes then
you will need some paper lined Bowl or
plate this and as a trainer of the
excess fat when you fish these out of
here
the first batch look at a lovely color I
love them does the first batch is ready
so I'm just going to remove it and put
it to drain on some on a wire rack with
some paper towels below just a soup just
to get rid of all that extra grease on
there the second bath is going to go in
I just getting out the last batch yeah
lovely car any more people
Chris don't lead you guys wrong remember
that only one wicked recipe that is an
excuse I hear the denies the big pieces
of chicken breast guys I don't do who
the chicken
we don't do the whitening kind of thing
but so there we go friends wicked wicked
wicked today is the ultimate Caribbean
style fried chicken live and direct from
Chris's kitchen a is stained by all I
need is some ketchup I love me some
ketchup with Fried Chicken Christian
father come always a pleasure to have
you guys here in the kitchen with me
remember down below click subscribe all
the latest videos are going to be sent
to you it's such a pleasure having you
guys here in the kitchen with me